chore: updated readme to support lokalise engineering (#23)
lokalise/npm-package-template: README.md

- `secrets.NPM_TOKEN` (need this to publish on NPM)

> To properly release remember to follow our conventional commit approach as stated in [contributing](https://github.com/lokalise/npm-package-template/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing a release, make sure to follow our conventional commit approach, as described in [contribution documentation](https://github.com/lokalise/npm-package-template/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md). 
```

## License

This project is APACHE, VERSION 2.0 licensed, see LICENSE.md for details.

## Other Resources

This template represents the culmination of Lokalise technical recommendations as documented in the [Frontend Radar](https://lokalise.atlassian.net/l/cp/Bqkz2hC5).

## Support Us

> `lokalise/npm-package-template` was created by Lokalise Engineering Team. Support our work by keeping this line in your README.

Author: The reason I'm adding this line is to be able to search all repos created through this template with a global search from GitHub (https://github.com/search/advanced).
That way we could do something like: https://github.com/search?l=&q=lokalise/npm-package-template+in%3AREADME

> **lokalise-npm-package-template** was created by Lokalise Engineering Team. Support our work by keeping this line in your README.

Author: The reason I'm adding this line is to be able to search all repos created through this template with a global search from GitHub (https://github.com/search/advanced).
That way we could do something like: https://github.com/search?l=&q=lokalise-npm-package-template+in%3AREADME and get the number of repos.
